This is a simple drawing application that uses ASCII characters as the drawing primatives.  It calculates the direction of the mouse when moving over the grid of characters and updates the underlying characters accordingly.  This project was created with React, Redux, and ImmutableJS.  I attempted to write this app in as pure a functional style as feasable, using pure functions and immutable data structures wherever possible.  Essentially, I was trying to write JavaScript in as much of an "Elm-like" style as possible.

What I Learned:
Writing this app in a pure funtional style imposed some extra difficulty.  Given the complexity of this app, this approach was overkill.  I could have created this app more quickly by forgoing a state management system entirely and just using React Class components in an OO style.

One of the biggest pain points is the absence of syntactic support for immutable data structures.  In retrospect I may have been better off using the object rest/spread operator provided by babel than using the ImmutableJS library.  However, this operator does not deep freeze the objects it produces, exposing me to the possibility of accidental mutation.  It's still unclear at this point whether the improved developer experince of using object spread/rest is worth the risk of accidentally mutating something and the laborous bug hunt that would follow.  I could always deep freeze the objects manually, but at that point I might as well just go back to Immutable.

Another challenge was the absence of a REPL to quickly test my code and see if it behaves as expected.  Because I built this app with create-react-app, I was unable to find a way to load my modules along with their dependancies into a REPL to test them out (at least without the need to eject from create-react-app).  This is probably possible with some configuration of Webpack and/or Babel, but I wasn't able to find the solution.  I worked around it with a combination of Jest unit tests and just logging values to the console during runtime.